[('Perfect Pairing', 'Create-Your-Own Large Deep Dish pizza & Medium Malnati Salad. Serves 4-5.'), ('Game Time Decision', 'Large Deep Dish Chicago Classic pizza & chicken wings.'), ('Best. Meal. Ever.', 'Large Deep Dish Chicago Classic pizza, medium Malnati Salad and chicken wings.'), ('Canned Soft Drink', ''), ('Dasani Bottled Water', ''), ('Bottled soft drinks (20 oz)', ''), ("Lou's Bruschetta", 'Roma tomatoes, fresh basil, olive oil and shaved Parmesan on garlic rounds.'), ('Stuffed Spinach Bread', 'A hot, housemade crusty loaf stuffed with a blend of cheeses, fresh spinach, garlic, onion and tomato.'), ('Calamari Fritti', 'Lightly breaded and seasoned to perfection.'), ('Chicken Wings', 'Your choice of 2 varieties served with celery and Gorgonzola or ranch dressing.'), ('3 Cheese Bread', 'Giant French bread with 3 cheeses, a touch of garlic and dipping sauce.'), ('Combination Platter', 'Mozzarella sticks, cheddar cubes, breaded mushrooms and zucchini. Served with ranch and marinara sauce.'), ('Mozzarella Sticks', ''), ('Cheddar Cubes', ''), ('Garlic Bread', 'Served with marinara sauce.'), ('Minestrone Soup', 'A hearty Italian vegetable soup made with housemade chicken and pork stock in the Old World, 2 day process.'), ('Malnati Salad', 'Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, black olives, mushrooms, salami bits and Gorgonzola cheese with our sweet vinaigrette and Romano cheese. Gluten-free.'), ('Chicken Club Salad', 'Chopped romaine lettuce, grilled chicken, oven roasted tomatoes, shredded mozzarella, cheddar and salami bits served with our club dressing and tortilla chips. Gluten free.'), ('Spinach Salad (Seasonal fruit)', 'Spinach with fresh seasonal fruit, red onions and crumbled goat cheese lightly tossed with our housemade balsamic vinaigrette. Gluten free.'), ('House Salad', 'Iceberg and romaine lettuce, red cabbage, carrots, Roma tomatoes, cucumbers, red onions and croutons.'), ('Cheese Deep Dish Pizza', 'Mozzarella cheese topped with vine-ripened tomato sauce.'), ('Sausage Deep Dish Pizza', "Lou's lean sausage, topped with mozzarella cheese and vine-ripened tomato sauce."), ('Pepperoni Deep Dish Pizza', 'Mozzarella cheese, topped with slices of pepperoni and vine-ripened tomato sauce.'), ('The Malnati Chicago Classic Pizza', "Made with Lou's lean sausage, some extra cheese and vine-ripened tomato sauce on buttercrust."), ('The Crustless Pizza', "Our crustless pizza is made with Lou's lean sausage as the base and then topped with mozzarella cheese and vine-ripened tomato sauce. Gluten-free."), ('The Lou Pizza', 'Spinach mix, mushrooms and sliced Roma tomatoes covered with blend of mozzarella, Romano and cheddar cheese on garlic butter crust.'), ('Cheese Thin Crust', 'Vine-ripened tomato sauce topped with mozzarella cheese.'), ('Sausage Thin Crust Pizza', "Vine-ripened tomato sauce topped with Lou's lean sausage and mozzarella cheese."), ('Pepperoni Thin Crust Pizza', 'Vine-ripened tomato sauce topped with pepperoni slices and mozzarella cheese.'), ('Small Gluten-Free Thin Crust Pizza', "Lou's gluten-free crust pizzas are prepared in a sterile environment, but are finished in our kitchen where wheat and wheat products are present."), ('Chicken Louie', 'Tender pieces of chicken, fettuccine and cream sauce baked with mozzarella. Sauce are housemade from scratch daily.'), ('Lasagna', 'Layers of spinach and 3 cheeses topped with our meat or marinara sauce. Sauce are housemade from scratch daily.'), ('Chicken Marsala Rigatoni', 'Rigatoni pasta in a creamy Marsala sauce with grilled chicken, oven roasted tomatoes and mushrooms. Sauce are housemade from scratch daily.'), ('Penne ala Malnati', 'Cream and Romano cheese folded into our meat sauce baked with mozzarella. Sauce are housemade from scratch daily.'), ("Bowtie Pasta with Lou's Sausage", 'Crumbled sausage and bowtie pasta tossed in a creamy yet slightly spicy vodka sauce. Sauce are housemade from scratch daily.'), ('Grilled Chicken Sandwich', 'An 8 oz. breast with lettuce and tomato. Served with your choice of fries or fresh fruit and cottage cheese.'), ('Beef Sandwich', 'Tender beef smothered with melted mozzarella. Served with your choice of fries or fresh fruit and cottage cheese.'), ('Meatball Sandwich', '3 meatballs topped with marinara and melted mozzarella. Served with your choice of fries or fresh fruit and cottage cheese.'), ('Kids Spaghetti', 'Served with meat or marinara sauce.'), ('Kids Mini Burger', 'A 1/4 lb. burger served with your choice of American, cheddar or mozzarella cheese. Includes your choice of fries or fruit.'), ('Kids Chicken Nuggets', 'Includes your choice of fries or fruit. Served with ranch or BBQ sauce.'), ('Kids Cheese Ravioli', 'Served with your choice of meat or marinara sauce.'), ('Chocolate Chip Pizza', 'A freshly baked chocolate chip cookie prepared in a deep dish pizza pan, topped with vanilla bean ice cream and whipped cream.'), ('Tiramisu', 'Serves 1 - 2. Ladyfinger cookies soaked in espresso, layered with mascarpone cheese and topped with cocoa powder.')]

