[('Classic Caesar Salad', 'A crispy bed of romaine lettuce topped with a hard-boiled egg, croutons, and freshly grated Parmesan cheese. Tossed with our classic Caesar dressing.'), ('Chicken Caesar Salad', 'A crispy bed of romaine lettuce topped with a hard-boiled egg, croutons, and freshly grated Parmesan cheese. Tossed with our classic Caesar dressing. Topped with chicken.'), ('Gourmet Garden Salad', 'Tuscan spring mix and chopped romaine lettuce topped with shredded red cabbage, cucumbers, shredded cheese, tomatoes, and croutons. Served with choice of dressing.'), ('Chopped Salad', 'Chopped romaine, iceberg lettuce, and red cabbage with diced chicken breast, ditalini pasta, bacon, diced tomatoes, gorgonzola cheese, and green onion. Tossed with our house dressing.'), ('Chicken Pecan Salad', 'Mixed greens, chicken, cheese, tomato, bacon, and toasted pecans with honey Dijon dressing. Served with fresh bread.'), ('Garbage Salad', 'Tuscan spring mix, chopped romaine lettuce, salami, provolone cheese, radishes, red onion, tomatoes, olives, cucumber, roasted red pepper, Parmesan cheese, and trashy sweet vinaigrette.'), ('Chipotle BBQ Salad with Chicken', 'Tuscan spring mix and chopped romaine lettuce with grilled chicken breast, diced tomatoes, shredded cheese, green onions, black beans, and corn. Topped with crunchy tortilla pieces and served with chipotle ranch dressing and topped with our sweet homemade barbeque sauce.'), ('Poppyseed Fruit with Chicken Salad', 'Our tender chicken breast served with a generous selection of strawberries, pineapples, blueberries, and mandarin oranges, all tossed together with gorgonzola cheese and glazed walnuts in our poppyseed dressing. A sweet deal!'), ('Apple Walnut Salad', 'Romaine lettuce, iceberg lettuce, chicken, raspberry vinaigrette, baby spinach, apples, goat cheese, and candy walnuts.'), ('Greek Salad with Chicken', 'Chopped romaine topped with grilled chicken breast, feta cheese, diced tomatoes, red onions, Kalamata olives, and cucumber. Served with Greek vinaigrette.'), ('Gourmet Garden Side Salad', 'Tuscan spring mix and chopped romaine lettuce topped with shredded red cabbage, cucumbers, shredded cheese, tomatoes, and croutons. Served with choice of dressing.'), ('Greek Pasta Side Salad', 'Penne pasta with feta cheese, tomatoes, red onions, Kalamata olives, and cucumber tossed with a Greek vinaigrette.'), ('Tuscan Chicken and Bacon Salad', 'Tuscan spring mix and chopped romaine lettuce with grilled chicken breast, tomatoes, red onions, bacon, walnuts, and hard-boiled egg. Served with creamy honey mustard dressing.'), ('Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad', 'A crispy bed of romaine lettuce topped with a hard-boiled egg, croutons, and freshly grated Parmesan cheese. Tossed with our classic Caesar dressing. Can be topped with cold grilled chicken, hot grilled chicken or grilled tuna for an extra charge.'), ('Grilled Tuna Caesar Salad', 'A crispy bed of romaine lettuce topped with a hard-boiled egg, croutons, and freshly grated Parmesan cheese. Tossed with our classic Caesar dressing. Can be topped with cold grilled chicken, hot grilled chicken or grilled tuna for an extra charge.'), ('Apple Walnut Harvest Salad', 'Tuscan spring mix and chopped romaine lettuce tossed with diced Gala apples, dried cranberries, candied walnuts, Gorgonzola cheese, and topped with grilled chicken breast. Served with fat-free raspberry vinaigrette.'), ('Meatball Salad', 'Tuscan spring mix and chopped romaine lettuce with red onion, Gorgonzola cheese and bacon, topped with house salad dressing and two of our signature hand-rolled meatballs, homemade marinara sauce and Parmesan cheese.'), ('Vegi Croissant', 'Buttery croissant with mayo, cheese, pickles, tomato, and lettuce.'), ('Grilled Tuna Sandwich', 'Grilled yellowfin tuna, with lettuce, tomato, red onions, and homemade tartar sauce on a sesame seed bun. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Halibut Filet Sandwich', 'A lightly battered hand-cut Halibut filet deep fried in 100% vegetable oil and served with crisp lettuce and our homemade tartar sauce.'), ('Grilled Filet of Chicken Sandwich', 'On toasted wheat and oat bran bun with lettuce, tomato, and Parmesan mayo. Add sweet or hot peppers for an additional charge. Available served on garlic bread instead of bun for an additional charge.'), ('Meatball Sandwich', 'Three zesty meatballs and mozzarella on French bread. Available with sweet or hot peppers for an additional charge. Available served on garlic bread instead of bun for an additional charge.'), ('Grilled Tuna Sandwich', 'Grilled yellowfin tuna fillet with lettuce, tomato, onions, and sauce, on a wheat and oat bran bun. Available with sweet or hot peppers for an additional charge. Available served on garlic bread instead of bun for an additional charge.'), ('Grilled Veggie Sandwich', 'Select grilled vegetables, red onion, Fontinella, and special seasoning on toasted focaccia. Available served on garlic bread instead of bun for an additonal charge.'), ('Chicken Caesar Pita', 'Regular or Cajun chicken, romaine, tomato, Caesar dressing, and Parmesan. Add hot or sweet peppers for an additional charge. Available served on garlic bread instead of bun for an addtional charge.'), ('Chicken Parmesan Sandwich', 'Lightly breaded breast on focaccia, topped with marinara, Parmesan, and mozzarella. Add sweet or hot peppers for an additional charge. Available served on garlic bread instead of bun for an additional charge.'), ('Chicken Focaccia', "Breaded chicken breast on a toasted focaccia and topped with lettuce, tomato, American cheese, and Barnelli's special dill sauce. Add sweet or hot peppers for an additional charge."), ('Buffalo Chicken Wrap', 'Fried buffalo chicken with blue cheese and lettuce.'), ('Chicken Caesar Wrap', 'A crispy bed of romaine lettuce tossed with our Caesar dressing, topped with tomato, hardboiled egg, croutons, fresh grated Parmesan cheese, and chicken in a flour tortilla. Choice of Breaded or Grilled chicken.'), ('Chicken Portabella Wrap', 'Chicken and grilled portobellos.'), ('Chicken Caprese Panini', 'Chicken with tomato, mozzarella and basil.'), ('Turkey Florentine Panini', 'Turkey with spinach.'), ('Bratwurst Sandwich', 'Comes with ground mustard and sauerkraut.'), ('Pepper & Egg Sandwich', ''), ('Char-Broiled Chicken Sandwich', 'Char-broiled, seasoned breast of chicken, served tender and juicy on a sesame seed bun, with mayo, tomato, and lettuce. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Char-Broiled Chicken Croissant', 'Char-broiled chicken served on a fresh baked, buttery, flaky croissant, with mayo, tomato and lettuce. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Breaded Chicken Sandwich', 'Lightly breaded chicken breast served on a bun, with mayo, tomato, and lettuce. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Chicken Club Sandwich', 'Lightly breaded, all white chicken breast served on a sesame seed bun, with mayo, bacon, tomato, and lettuce. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Breaded Chicken Croissant', 'Lightly breaded breast served on a flaky croissant, with mayo, tomato and lettuce. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ("Portillo's Italian Beef Sandwich", 'Our famous beef served on fresh baked French bread.. Add your choice of cheese or peppers for an additional charge.'), ('Char-Grilled Italian Sausage Sandwich', 'Deliciously spiced and cooked to perfection. Add your choice of cheese or peppers for an additional charge.'), ('Combo Beef & Sausage Sandwich', 'Our great Italian beef and char-grilled sausage together. Add your choice of cheese or peppers for an additional charge.'), ('Beef-n-Cheddar Croissant', 'Our famous Italian beef layered with cheddar cheese, and served on a fresh croissant.'), ('Big Beef Sandwich', 'Fifty percent larger than our original beef. Add your choice of cheese or peppers for an additional charge.'), ('Big Combo Beef & Sausage Sandwich', 'Our great Italian beef and char-grilled sausage together. Add your choice of cheese or peppers for an additional charge.'), ('IS Nudie', ''), ('Broiled Chicken Nudie', ''), ('Bowl of Chili', ''), ('Beef Hot Dog', 'A hot dog with everything. Includes mustard, relish, chopped onions, sliced tomatoes, kosher pickle, and hot peppers on a perfectly steamed poppy seed bun.'), ('Chili Dog', 'Chili, onions, and cheese.'), ('Char-Grilled Maxwell Street Polish', 'Delicious with mustard and lots of grilled onions.'), ('Jumbo Hot Dog', 'A thicker hot dog with mustard, relish, freshly chopped onions, sliced, ripe, red tomatoes, cucumber, kosher pickle, and peppers.'), ('Jumbo Chili Dog', 'Chili, onions and cheese.'), ('Chicken Noodle Soup', ''), ('Chicken Tenders', ''), ('Giardinera', 'Hot mixed peppers and sweet peppers.'), ('Loaf of Bread', ''), ('French Bread (Slice)', ''), ('Side of Coleslaw', ''), ('Garlic Bread', 'Italian bread with garlic and butter.'), ('Meatball (1 pcs.)', ''), ('Fresh Baked House Bread', ''), ('Sweet Peppers', ''), ('Hot Peppers', ''), ('Baked Potato', 'Served with sour cream and butter. Add cheese and bacon for an additional charge.'), ('Side of Alfredo Sauce', ''), ('Side of Meat Sauce', ''), ('French Fries', ''), ('Cheese Fries', 'Cheese is available on the side. Small or large.'), ('Onion Rings', ''), ('Cup of Fruit', ''), ('Side of Marinara Sauce', ''), ('Side Pasta', ''), ('Side of Vodka Sauce', ''), ("Portillo's Milkshakes", 'Choice of vanilla, strawberry, or chocolate. Choice of regular or large.'), ("Portillo's Malt Shakes", 'Choice of vanilla, strawberry, or chocolate. Choice of regular or large size.'), ("Portillo's Chocolate Cake Shake", 'Regular or large sizes.'), ("Portillo's Strawberry Smoothie", ''), ("Portillo's Banana Smoothie", ''), ('Lemonade', 'Choice of Regular or Large.'), ('Chocolate Shake', ''), ('Vanilla Shake', ''), ('Strawberry Shake', ''), ('Chocolate Malt', ''), ('Vanilla Malt', ''), ('Strawberry Malt', ''), ('Chocolate Cake Shake', ''), ('Smoothie', "Please call the restaurant to inquire about today's selection."), ('Coffee', ''), ('Hot Chocolate', ''), ('Milk', ''), ('Bottled Water', ''), ('Drinks', ''), ('Burger', 'One-third of a pound of juicy beef with mayo, crisp lettuce, a red ripe tomato slice, red onion, pickles, and ketchup, served on a toasted bun. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Double Burger', 'Two-thirds of a pound. With mayo, lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickle, and ketchup on a toasted bun. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Bacon Burger', 'With mayo, lettuce and tomato. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Double Bacon Burger', 'With mayo, lettuce and tomato. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Cheeseburger', 'One-third of a pound of juicy beef with mayo, crisp lettuce, a red ripe tomato slice, red onion, pickles, and ketchup, served on a toasted bun. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Double Cheeseburger', 'Two-thirds of a pound. With mayo, lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickle, and ketchup on a toasted bun. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Bacon Cheeseburger', 'With mayo, lettuce and tomato. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ('Double Bacon Cheeseburger', 'With mayo, lettuce and tomato. Add your choice of cheese for an additional charge.'), ("Piece of Portillo's Famous Chocolate Cake", 'Rich and delicious.'), ('Piece of Chocolate Eclair Cake', 'Puff pastry filled with cream custard and topped with chocolate.'), ('Piece of Strawberry Shortcake', ''), ("Whole Portillo's Famous Chocolate Cake", ''), ('Heart-Shaped Cake', 'Limited time only.'), ("Mother's Day Weekend Heart-Shaped Cake", 'This weekend only!'), ('Spaghetti', 'Choose from meat or marinara sauce.'), ('Mostaccioli', 'Choose from meat or marinara sauce.'), ('Fettuccine', 'Choose from meat or marinara sauce.'), ('Angel Hair Pasta', 'Meat or marinara sauce.'), ('Fettuccine Alfredo', "A cheese lover's delight. Our rich cream sauce is made with imported Romano and Parmesan cheese, butter, and cream. Add vegetables or chicken for an additional charge."), ('Double Stuffed Three Cheese Ravioli', 'A generous portion of our three-cheeses filling, stuffed in a pillow of pasta.'), ('Spinach Lasagna', 'Layer after layer of Italian cheeses, fresh spinach and spices topped with your choice of sauce. Choose from meat or marinara sauce.'), ('Baked Mostaccioli', 'Imported mostaccioli with red sauce, baked with a combination of freshly grated mozzarella and Asiago cheeses. Choose from meat or marinara sauce.'), ("Penne Al'arrabbiata", 'Penne with Italian sausage, chicken, or both, in spicy marinara sauce.'), ('Chicken Siciliano', 'Tender breast strips sauteed with broccoli, mushrooms, onion, and Romano cheese over fettuccine.'), ('Oven Baked Spaghetti', 'Spaghetti baked with imported cheeses, and topped with your choice of meat or marinara sauce.'), ('Rigatoni ala Vodka', 'A zesty tomato cream tossed with rigatoni.'), ('Chicken Parmesan (Pasta)', 'A lightly breaded, skinless chicken breast, topped with mozzarella and Parmesan cheese, served over a bed of spaghetti with our own homemade marinara sauce. Choose from meat or marinara sauce.'), ('Pesto Chicken & Mushrooms', 'Conchiglie pasta sauteed with chicken breast, mushrooms, and our own pesto cream sauce, finished with a dollop of marinara.'), ("Chicken Al' Diavolo", 'Sauteed chicken and sun-dried tomatoes, tossed in our spicy cream sauce and farfalle pasta, tossed with fresh spinach.'), ('Peasant Pasta', 'Italian sausage, chicken breast, and pancetta, seared and mixed with escarole, garlic, canolini beans and rigatoni, carefully cooked in a white wine broth.'), ('Fettuccini Carbonara', ''), ("Barney's Ribs-Full Slab a la Carte", "Our tender baby back ribs marinated in Barney's special rib sauce, and barbecued over an open grill."), ("Barney's Ribs-Half Slab a la Carte", "Our tender baby back ribs marinated in Barney's special rib sauce, and barbecued over an open grill."), ("Barney's Ribs-Full Slab Dinner", "Our tender baby back ribs marinated in Barney's special rib sauce, and barbecued over an open grill. Served with coleslaw, fresh baked house bread, and choice of side."), ("Barney's Ribs-Half Slab Dinner", "Our tender baby back ribs marinated in Barney's special rib sauce, and barbecued over an open grill. Served with coleslaw, fresh baked house bread, and choice of side."), ('Classic Half Sandwich and Soup Combo', ''), ('Classic Half Salad and Soup Combo', ''), ('Classic Half Sandwich and Half Salad Combo', '')]

